B. Cancer (Nutritional disorder)
C. Effect (Pharmacokinetics parameters)
B. Leucorrhoea (Common discharge in pregnancy)
C. Quality assurance (Primary Health Care approach)
C. Instinct (Underlying factors for human behavior)
C. Andragogy (Study of adult learning)
B. Chi-square (Not a graphical representation)
B. Health education instructional materials should be made available at all times. (Not a strategy)
B. Drug (Chemical substance for treatment)
B. Hospital and health facility information (Form "F")
D. Neither work in the facility nor in the community (Non-registered community health practitioner)
B. Schistosomiasis (Not peculiar to cement workers)
C. Placental previa (Condition of the placenta)
D. Community mobilization by opinion leader for service acceptance and provision of material support (Support for outreach services)
B. Mother infant and young child feeding (MIYCF)
C. Immunization (Process of making immune)
D. Praziquantel (Best drug for bilharziasis)
D. To provide supportive health system and equal share of food (Not a benefit)
D. Lub dub (Normal heartbeat sound)
A. Community diagnosis. (Finding health status)
A. 1896 (First hospital in Nigeria)
C. Cryptorchidism (Check in male newborns)
D. Government and ownership (Not a pillar)
D. Chemical (Not a basic component of community)
C. Physical activities (Not a predisposing factor)
B. Mental sub normality (Type of mental disorder)
C. Eye blinking (Not a sign/symptom of snake bite)
D. Voucher (Written evidence of transaction)
D. Ordinal scale (Order series of relationships)
A. Those medicines that satisfy the health care needs of the population (Essential medicines)
D. Assembling and recording negative information is irrelevant in patient care (Not true)
C. Fetal movements (Positive sign of pregnancy)
A. Fetal heart sound heard (Not a probable sign)
A. Diarrhoea (Not a physical environmental hazard)
A. National Mental Health Act 2021 (Protection of rights)
D. Increase the cost of production (Not an importance)
B. Sacrum (Not part of the innominate bone)
A. Emile Durkheim (Defined sociology)
A. 1978 in USSR (Conference for health for all)
D. Heart, lungs, esophagus, major blood vessels (Thoracic cage contents)
C. Haemorrhoid (Not a complication of wounds)
C. Delivers various services vertically (Not a merit)
A. Community mobilization (Encouraging involvement)
D. Communication (Transfer of ideas)
D. To investigate nitrite (Not a rationale)
C. Photophobia (Symptom of migraine)
B. Subjective ethics (Not a classification)
C. Immunization coverage (Percentage of fully immunized)
A. Investigating to know the limitation of employer (Not expected behavior)
A. Occupational deafness (Not an occupational hazard of farming)
B. Gout (Not a cause of acute abdominal pain)
D. Competent staff placement (Not a cause of poor service coverage)
A. Multi mix communication (Combination of channels)
A. Pregnant mother (Ante natal care)
D. Homeostatic (Not an emergency condition)
C. Double entry (Posting entries)
B. Record keeping (Crucial service)
B. Selecting from the essential drug list those drugs needed at the specific health unit (Not a step)
D. Exercise (Does not trigger mental issues)
C. Pulmonary vein (Carries oxygenated blood)
A. Miners (Not at risk from blood fluid and aerosols)
A. Mammography (X-ray technique for breast)
D. Nutritional policy (Statement of objectives)
B. Current liabilities (Short-term debts)
B. It has collated information (Not a characteristic)
A. Complimentary feeding (Introduction of foods)
A. Importation of drugs (Does not promote rational use)
D. All of the above (At risk of self-harm)
B. Food security (Availability of food)
D. Anti Tuberculosis (Class of drugs)
A. British Army Medicine Services (Origin of Nigeria health system)
A. Inducing and stimulating individual to act in certain manner (True statement)
A. Means of determination of the nature of a patient’s state of health (Diagnosis)
C. Pharmacovigilance (Monitoring drug safety)
D. Neomycin (Not a vitamin)
C. Prescription (Use of drugs)
D. Nutritional Education (Passing nutritional knowledge)
D. The science and activities relating to the detection, assessment, understanding and prevention of adverse effects of drugs (Pharmacovigilance)
B. Psycho social model (Addresses social determinants)
C. Inactivated polio vaccine (IPV)
C. Helpful in implementation (Broad range of activities)
A. Antipsychotic (Best for managing schizophrenia)
C. Directing (Not an element of MOB)
A. By shortage of food and water (Climate change leads to conflict)
A. Health status determination (Not a responsibility)
B. Provision of inadequate and decent sanitary facilities (Not a measure)
C. Children 0-3 years (Contra-indication for oral temperature)
B. Glaucoma (Not a preventable disease)
A. Deals with new cases and also deals with all new and old cases (Incorrect answer)
C. Food faddism (Not promoted through personal health)
B. Respiratory (Not a vital sign)
D. Community mobilization (Not a constraint)
D. Community mobilization (Encouragement and involvement)
D. Right to affordability (Not a right of patients)
B. 4% chlorhexidine gel (For newborn cord care)
A. Desalting (Not a method of food preservation)
A. Perseverance (Not a component of motivation)
A. Confusion (Indicates UTI in older adults)
D. Develop a sense of self-motivation (Not a duty)
C. Flannet-boards (Visual aid)